[comment]: # " File: README.md"
[comment]: # ""
[comment]: # "  Copyright (c) 2017-2024 Splunk Inc."
[comment]: # ""
[comment]: # "  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 'License');"
[comment]: # "  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
[comment]: # "  You may obtain a copy of the License at"
[comment]: # ""
[comment]: # "      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0"
[comment]: # ""
[comment]: # "  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under"
[comment]: # "  the License is distributed on an 'AS IS' BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,"
[comment]: # "  either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions"
[comment]: # "  and limitations under the License."
[comment]: # ""
Incidents are typically categorized among following types:

-   **User Service Restoration**
    -   Typical ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library) of incident.
-   **User Service Request**
    -   Used to identify incidents that are not related to ITIL definition.
-   **Infrastructure Restoration**
    -   ITIL definition, but more focused on CI (Configuration Item) restoration.
-   **Infrastructure Event**
    -   Used for integration for system management tools.

The **Authentication Mechanism to Use** config parameter provides the configuration information Phantom uses to communicate with BMC Platform. Currently, there are two ways to authenticate.

-   Basic
-   BMC SSO (Interactive)

 
## Basic Authentication

Fill in the **Base URL** , **Username** and **Password**. The remaining configuration

## OAuth Authentication

#### Follow the steps outlined below for configuring a Client in BMC Remedy Single Sign-On (SSO) Server

 1. Access BMC Remedy SSO Admin Console
    - Open your web browser and navigate to the BMC Remedy SSO Admin Console URL: `https://<SSO_Server_Hostname>:<Port>/arsys/sso`.

 2. Log In to BMC Remedy SSO Admin Console
       - Log in to the Admin Console using valid administrator credentials.

 3. Navigate to "Clients" Section
    - In the Admin Console, locate and navigate to the "Clients" section, usually found in the main navigation menu.

 4. Add a New Client
    - Look for an option to add a new client (often labeled "Add New" or "Create New Client"). Click on this option to initiate the client configuration process.

 5. Provide Basic Client Information
    - Fill in the basic information for the new client, including:
      - **Client Name:** A unique name for the client.
      - **Client Description:** A brief description of the client.
      - **Client Type:** Specify the type of client (e.g., Web Application, Mobile App).
      - **Redirect URI/Callback URL:** The URL to which the user is redirected after authentication.

 6. Configure Authentication Settings
    - Set the authentication settings based on the client's requirements. This may include choosing the authentication method (e.g., Username and Password, SAML, OAuth).

 7. Define Authorization Settings
    - Specify the authorization settings, including the roles and permissions associated with the client.

 8. Set Token and Session Management
    - Configure token and session management settings, such as token expiration time, refresh token settings, and session timeout.

 9. Configure Security Policies
    - Set up security policies for the client, including password policies, encryption settings, and other security-related configurations.

 10. Review and Save
        - Review the configured settings to ensure accuracy. Once satisfied, save the client configuration.

 11. Retrieve Client Credentials
        - After saving, obtain the client credentials (e.g., client ID and client secret) generated by BMC Remedy SSO. These credentials are necessary for the client to authenticate with the SSO server.

**Note:** The steps may vary based on the version of BMC Remedy SSO and the specific features available in your deployment. Always refer to the official documentation for detailed and version-specific instructions.


## Playbook Backward Compatibility

-   A new action parameter has been added in the existing action. Hence, it is requested to the
    end-user to please update their existing playbooks by re-inserting | modifying | deleting the
    corresponding action blocks.

      

    -   A 'offset' action parameter has been added in the 'list tickets' action

-   The existing output data paths have been modified for the 'list tickets' action. Hence, it is
    requested to the end-user to please update their existing playbooks by re-inserting | modifying
    | deleting the corresponding action blocks to ensure the correct functioning of the playbooks
    created on the earlier versions of the app.

## Using a template for the create ticket action

In order to create a ticket from a pre-existing incident template in BMC remedy, the **fields**
action parameter can be used. Passing in a JSON such as,

    {"TemplateID": "$templateid"}

Referencing an existing template id simplifies the ticket creation. For more information refer this
[document](https://docs.bmc.com/docs/bsr/35/creating-incidents-by-passing-a-template-reference-576950232.html#Creatingincidentsbypassingatemplatereference-instance_id)
.
